fix: Introduce status code regression mitigation (#7465)
apollographql/apollo-server: docs/source/api/apollo-server.mdx

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

###### `status400WithErrorsAndNoData`

`boolean`

</td>
<td>

> This option is a v4 regression mitigation that we recommend users set to `true`. This option will be ignored in Apollo Server v5 and its `true` behavior will become the default. Visit the [migration guide](../migration/#known-regressions) for more details on the regression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Set this option to `true`.** It mitigates a regression introduced in Apollo Server v4 where the server returns a 200 status code (instead of 400) when a client query provides invalid variables. [Learn more.](../migration/#known-regressions)

Apollo Server v5 will _always_ behave as if this option is `true` (and will ignore any provided value).
```
